feat: Docs for Wix navigation (#5115)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/client/react-native/index.mdx

}
```

Tracking Screen views and touches with `react-native-navigation`:

```jsx
import PostHog, { PostHogProvider } from 'posthog-react-native'
import { Navigation } from 'react-native-navigation';

export const posthogAsync = PostHog.initAsync('<ph_project_api_key>');

// Simplify the wrapping of your Screens with a shared PostHogProvider
export const SharedPostHogProvider = (props: any) => {
  return (
    <PostHogProvider client={posthogAsync} autocapture={{
      captureLifecycleEvents: false,  // Lifecycle events are handled differently for react-native-navigation
      captureTouches: true,
    }}>
      {props.children}
    </PostHogProvider>
  );
};

export const MyScreen = () => {
  return (

>     // Every screen needs to be wrapped with this provider if you want to capture touches or use the hooks

Author: ```suggestion
    // Every screen needs to be wrapped with this provider if you want to capture touches or use the hook `usePostHog()` 
```

>     // Every screen needs to be wrapped with this provider if you want to use capture touches or use the hooks

Reviewer: This line is a bit unclear, maybe like this + specify which hooks are meant
```suggestion
    // Every screen needs to be wrapped with this provider if you want to capture touches or use the hooks
```
